applications: nrf5340_audio: Update doc regarding bonding (#8526)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf5340_audio/README.rst

|               | * Pressed on the gateway during playback multiple times: Changes the tone frequency.   |
|               |   The available values are 1000 Hz, 2000 Hz, and 4000 Hz.                              |
+---------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **BTN 5**     | Depending on the moment it is pressed:                                                 |
|               |                                                                                        |

> |               | * Long-pressed during startup: Clear previously stored bonding information             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|               | * Long-pressed during startup: Clears the previously stored bonding information        |
```

Author: Fixed

> |               | * Long-pressed during startup: Clear previously stored bonding information             |

Reviewer 2: Need a period at the end of the sentence

Author: Done

> |               | * Long-pressed during startup: Clears the previously stored bonding information.       |

Author: The information about bonding is written in the 'Testing the default CIS mode' section

   For each button press, the audio stream playback is stopped and the gateway sends a test tone to both headsets.
   These tones can be used as audio cues to check the synchronization of the headsets.

> After the kits have paired for the first time, they are now bonded. This means the LTK is stored on each side, and they will only connect to each other unless the bonding information is cleared. Bonding information can be cleared by holding BTN5 during boot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the kits have paired for the first time, they are now bonded.
This means that the Long-Term Key (LTK) is stored on each side, and that the kits will only connect to each other unless the bonding information is cleared.
To clear the bonding information, press and hold **BTN5** during boot.
```

Author: Fixed
